# Diversity & Inclusion in the Tech Indus
### in the beginning of programming computers, women were at the top and they were dominating the programming field. the percentage was growing, however, it stopped growing and bcame fixed by 1980. in the oppisite the men percentage in the programming field crossed the women. that was because of appearing of personal computers and marketing them for boys and men. parents cared to buy these computers for their boys even when their girls needed to have them. because of the increasing in personal computer sold number the computer teachers assumed that their students had one, so the didn't fill the gap of the absence of the minimum of aknowlegment needed to get start the computer scince. however the situation changed and women came back to the compitition again
### Diverse teams are smarter and more creative more homogeneous ones according to organizational science, psychology and education studies. it leads to a positive financial outcomes. Diversity efforts are most successful when they’re driven by a commitment from company leaders. And meaningful commitment requires leaders to understand why diversity matters. as an example for the benefits, When YouTube’s almost entirely right-handed developer team built the iOS app without considering how left-handed people would use it, for example, 5% to 10% of videos were uploaded upside down as a result. Walker & Company CEO Tristan Walker said "If more black people were building features or striking partnerships at Twitter, perhaps they’d have a great idea" for more effectively engaging black users".  