# React 2
## Conditional Rendering
### Conditional rendering in React works the same way conditions work in JavaScript. Use JavaScript operators like if or the conditional operator to create elements representing the current state, and let React update the UI to match them. You can use variables to store elements. This can help you conditionally render a part of the component while the rest of the output doesn’t change. You may embed expressions in JSX by wrapping them in curly braces. This includes the JavaScript logical && operator. Another method for conditionally rendering elements inline is to use the JavaScript conditional operator `condition ? true : false`. In rare cases you might want a component to hide itself even though it was rendered by another component. To do this return null instead of its render output.
## Lists and Keys
### For rendering multiple componentsyou can build collections of elements and include them in JSX using curly braces {}. in basic list component Usually you would render lists inside a component. Keys help React identify which items have changed, are added, or are removed. Keys should be given to the elements inside the array to give the elements a stable identity. Keys only make sense in the context of the surrounding array. Keys must only be unique among siblings
## Forms
### HTML form elements work a bit differently from other DOM elements in React, because form elements naturally keep some internal state. In HTML, form elements such as `<input>`, `<textarea>`, and `<select>` typically maintain their own state and update it based on user input. In React, mutable state is typically kept in the state property of components, and only updated with `setState()`. In HTML, a `<textarea>` element defines its text by its children so in React, a `<textarea>` uses a value attribute instead. This way, a form using a `<textarea>` can be written very similarly to a form that uses a single-line input. In HTML, `<select>` creates a drop-down, React, instead of using this selected attribute, uses a value attribute on the root select tag. 
### When you need to handle multiple controlled input elements, you can add a name attribute to each element and let the handler function choose what to do based on the value of `event.target.name`. Specifying the value prop on a controlled component prevents the user from changing the input unless you desire so. If you’ve specified a value but the input is still editable, you may have accidentally set value to undefined or null
